[Music]
Okay family let's see what little things we have
pending there what little things we have
pending there eh up What's
next places What's next re
Ah animal rights haters and critics of the
fight Ah what's this luare I didn't know what
this is with the hoaxes they start with the
hoaxes that the babies were there Oh look
Fran bought me a Mickey mouse mattress
maous is preparing a place for me dude dude dude dude dude dude you
know that when I get back
you know that when I get back from the trip I'm going
to Disneyland Hong Kong Look look I
got nervous I'm going to Disneyland
Hong Kong this month this month grandpa what
happened to your eye are you okay I got into a fight
with I got into a fight with a friend I got into a fight with a
friend I went to the neighbor's house I went to
the neighbor's house to get salt ok for
some croquettes that I was making and uh
I made the mistake I made the mistake of going
into the neighbor's little entrance where she had
the little entrance also to the laundry room okay
for the patio the dude thought it had an
exit and he got like this with the  little fists he
got like this on me with his little fists at
first I was like look at this loser
you know and I did like this and the son of a [ __ ] grabbed me and
gave me a hard time he gave me a really hard time I
mean he broke me and left my
eye marked But anyway thanks for
worrying it can be fixed if we reach
3000 members it can be fixed if we reach
3000 members okay you can give a couple
of members each and eh the eye can be fixed
eh if they're in mating season there are no
subnormal babies if they're in
mating season what they want is to have sex there are
no babies okay So how how how how how So
what is
Fran telling me that the deer didn't
want to kill him but wanted to
rape him it was an attempted rape
the babies were born a long time ago those of you
who follow me on YouTube by the way
instead of so many environmentalist animalists I don't
know what you could become members of the
Channel and that way I would understand what it is that
I do and why this sanctuary has been around for 3
years there are people who are not members of the
channel  francoa dude I mean you don't give him
[ __ ] how much is it How much is the
member worth? I was going to tell you how much is
franca's member worth. Hey [ __ ] [ __ ] stop joking around
eh stop joking around you have to
become members because there you can
see it live when I'm with him
at the sanctuary eh you have to join
Fran's channel because there you can see the
sanctuary 24 hours a day and you're going to see me
there keeping my distance with
little dogs where the [ __ ] on
francoa's Channel you go and being a member will be worth a
couple of euros [ __ ] and also I collaborate with
the sanctuary six [ __ ] become
members all working and it works
[ __ ] great about what has
happened many times when I get out of the
water I go out there many times this
little dog you give Fran some members
eh And why do I have to give him
some members Karime why do you
give them to him I me Why do I have to
give away a member Hey but come on the mess
that my moderator Lorena puts on me didn't
tell you anything about Bie el Bie What is it I
go out to the side okay I don't go out
directly  to him obviously the perspective
that is seen is that I don't go straight at him I
go out to the side Ah and when eh I see
that he's going to attack me I take a step to
hook okay I could swear I remembered today man
because it caught my attention I started
watching these days the series of de lizy de
Pablo and and of Dalas the videos that they had
uploaded of them In the sanctuary to
get a little idea and I could swear that
on de lizy's Channel I think it was on
lizy's Channel like she said Oh look I
went to pet a deer something about
a deer they said I don't remember what it
was Yeah I was already there with the
deer I fed it I don't know if it was that I
had fed it or
petted it or something but of course I imagine it
will be another servant no this one no no this one
that bastard but something a deer that I said
Ah Look how beautiful Ah I'm going to take
pictures with a deer I'm going to record myself with
a deer we'll see if it's going to
be with the ostriches Lorena I'm not telling you
anything about the trip  No, it didn't give me anything, it didn't
give me anything, it scared me a little but
well, then it hooked me and it buzzed me
eh it's normal it's normal it's not the first
time that perro knocked me down, I mean,
normally he knocks me down with a single blow when there
are times when you're walking through the
sanctuary and a perro or another
deer that got scared comes out of a
bush and knocks you down, hits you hard and knocks
you down and it's not the first time nor will it be the
last, okay, this is a sanctuary
where animals live in the
wild, they have a hundred and something hectares
to walk around everywhere and it's a
place where animals run wild, okay,
so it's not the first time, it
's the first time. Obviously you see it
on camera but there are animal attacks
constantly and at the end of the day I'm
the alpha male to beat in this place,
okay, today perro lost. That's the
story and I'm going to explain to you eh why
I continued when I almost had him,
for whatever reason I was a boyfriend, I went out and the boyfriend
went out these past few days I've been
removing the cables for the one who follows the
channel for the last 3 years that we've been in
the sanctuary, okay, would you understand what I  I'm
here because they're saying that I shouldn't
mess with wildlife that I'm pissing off
animals
apart from having saved more than 20,000
animals in my life okay I've been
rescuing and putting animals here for 3
years so to all those know-it-alls
on the internet or the networks or even
some publication I want to tell you that I don't care if you are
biologists whatever you are I don't give
a [ __ ] [ __ ] eh
how much of a biologist you are eh I would have
blown up I'm the deer I
assure you okay because later I'll explain
why the deer didn't kill me you
know that I often tell you doggy he hit
me hard this morning the
other one jumped on me why Because it's
normal it's normal animals fight
and here I am an animal the mistake is that I
didn't calculate the distance well maybe
30 cm more They should have made him go down and
me up but for some reason he
felt that I was going to remove the last
cable okay I removed it
during when it says the cable What does it
mean No  I understand about the cable he's
always mentioning that he
removed a cable that he removed a
cable but I don't know what he's referring to I don't know
if it's some kind of cure or something in the
horns before the fight okay I
mean during the fight I had
time to hook the cable and throw it eh And
he must have thought that I was going to
remove that cable again that I was going to
hook him and remove the cable it could be that it
could be the 30 cm that I'm telling you the
reason why I'm alive is because of how
I reacted I mean I
reacted before he hooked me
if he hooks me and I don't react
before he kills me he kills me Because what I
did was hook the horns from the
inside I didn't hook the horns from the
outside I hooked the
horns from the inside okay why
Because through the horns from the inside he
stuck it in me he stuck it in me but he
didn't stick the spears that he has in
front of me I mean I got inside
Ah what does he have he had some
tangled cables that you have some tangled cables and  He
went to remove it, it's not the first time
a deer has attacked me, eh, the reason, kiss,
Sofi. Thank you very much, beautiful. The reason I
'm alive is because I hooked it
from below, from the inside. For the people who
say, oh, look. He has no experience,
several biologists have already said it.
Biologists, I don't care what they say. I
say, I say the same as always. Prove it to me. Have you
seen that they have attacked me, these are
tricks. Capybaras have
attacked me, leopard cats have
attacked me. Deer have attacked me, even cows
can attack you. Normal, normal.
Otters, crazy, that little kangaroo that loves me so much will
attack me. It's normal. Look, they don't have a
[ __ ] clue. Well, I don't know if I have a
[ __ ] clue or not, but I have a
sanctuary that I made myself where a
bunch of animals that were going to be
sacrificed live here. They have gotten
away and are showing some
totally wild behavior. So,
I don't know if you're a biologist, you know-
it-all or you're an idiot, I'm probably the one who does it,
but you won't believe the hoaxes. I went to the
hospital, they did an orography on me.
I have two broken ribs.  in this part
Okay I have a lot of abrasions as you
can see I have wounds good that they had to
sew these in the end okay
because it also had holes they
sewed it well they sewed the big hole
that was in the belly which is the one that
hooked me in the first place which is 2
and a half centimeters deep
nothing I am a little
chubby and I have the fat there I have not
wanted to get up that is another
story I have not wanted to get
up and I have wanted to always have him
below because if I get up he has
more strength than I am up top so I
could really get up to go to the water
to jump into the water okay and I don't have
time because he gets dressed again
So if I'm alive because it's because I
knew how to react in a situation
Why Because it's not the first time and
because I am a [ __ ] professional
people are saying you are too old for it to
happen to you You see what it does to you [ __ ] he has had a
fight with he has fought with a
[ __ ] servant
dude he has fought with a guy with
a 200 deer with a  200kg bug
dude you can hold 200kg pulling hold it
no div evening not even his [ __ ] mother when I
fight I fight with a deer or a
bull div evening 4 the deer like this the
deer like this you can do it to me luar with
with the ia Please Can you make me the
image of Franco this the deer like this for
the evening quaat fun fum to put it on
Twitter to fool around or not
order the ia put it put it Ask
franccha like this to francha and the and the servant do you
understand it's not a joke G brom okay I
just posted a tweet from someone who
calls herself an environmentalist who normally you
have to understand that I copy the
message and take a picture of it because
normally they are such cowards that they
tell you stupid things and then delete it
So I prefer that the whole family,
all their friends know the kind of
people they are How did the
fight end, the fight ended that I got
up and threw two stones at him
for what to show him  that I was
there the moment I got up he
was already tired I got up I
threw a rock at him and then I threw
another one and I left I didn't go straight ahead I
went backwards I turned my
back on him he could have come in and given me
another blow yes I knew he wasn't going
to give it to me Yeah why Because I had already
lost the fight for that reason he had already
lost the fight and I know that he
was wired I wasn't going to take the
wire off him But he thought I was going to take it
off and that's why he said No no way he's
pissed off I've been taking wires off him all
week he had wires hanging off him For
two weeks now and there was one that
was almost choking him and I took it off
a lot of people said that Ricky edid was
responsible no Ricky is the bull Ricky is
the bull that has some Oh right Ricky
was the bull Ricky put the bull on him it's
true very small very small
okay because Ricky was cuckolded
but very small horns
Well yeah he kind of [ __ ] up Maybe car
Ricky was cuckolded  tiny horns [ __ ]
car So the deer the deer let
's go car ricki they put the cuos very
small he said in the middle I don't know Zaragoza
but but he put the cuos very
small that is to say Ricky will have to
put the horns on him more in life and
that well it is Ricky it is Ricky but it wasn't
the deer Ricky hasn't attacked me okay he
was a puppy ok Ricky behaves
very well with me and besides he is a guy
now Ricky is a guy that I really like Ricky
acts more stupid than he
seems exactly I followed Ricky
look at him for the cards and all that I
started following him for the
cards that he does puppy he hasn't done
anything wrong like I tell you Case pierta tesa
I mean puppy he did what he had to
do these are things that happen every
day I mean it's not the first time that
puppy hits me I mean and it's going to
happen more times what happens is that
Javi says You are not seeing what's happening
with the vtuber look gibel now what's
happening What's happening dude are you telling me  the
gossip today you guys eh gibel less
studying the LOL champions and more
studying labor rights will treat
girls badly and you guys will say and well I don't
know if it's worth gossip if it's worth
gossip then someone can tell me later
but well it's that I don't have
time today today I have to catch up on
what I left pending okay
with everything I have pending I have to
record two videos of the main one
today I have to record two videos of the
main one we're going to try to put a
new song there on the main channel
today we're going to try to put a
new song on the main channel today let's see
what comes out let's see what comes out let's see opinions there
are a lot of people asking me if I've
seen the fram thing why I don't upload
anything of course I've seen it and I've already been
talking to him privately Not
everything in life has to be published on the
internet friend princess how do you see what happened with
Frank, damn they told me that Ricky
hit him or something like that I don't even know what the hell
ridit is in the jungle but it can't
be but he's serious about it
valeri  a kiss is he serious
told that rit hit her or something like that
Oh no it wasn't it wasn't
real no no no no it wasn't rit Ah
sorry
ch is making fun of himself he's
making fun of himself I think you can react to the
attack that Fran Cuesta suffered by one of
his animals Well the truth is no I'm not
going to react to that I've seen it eh
But why do you want me to react to
that The truth I mean the truth is no I'm
not going to react to that eh but I have
seen that he attacks her in fact I even
sent it to my father because my father
eh he likes animals a lot eh And I
sent it to my father and my father
damn it almost killed him almost killed him And you can see
that a deer if it sticks its horn in you eh
You're going to [ __ ] up eh You're going to
[ __ ] up eh I mean me Lu when I
saw it I was freaking out eh that
that sticks here in the chest It
pierces a lung and you're going to [ __ ]
Eh But well luckily later I
saw a little bit of the video that he uploaded
and  It was okay so well it was just
a scare the truth is it was Ugh oh
my god man oh my god it was just a scare But oh
well Hey if you want to see it look for it it's
everywhere I'm not going to put
the video of a deer attacking
Fran de la jungen here right now honestly Look no he doesn't
look like much right now a tough guy
man Well yes because oh my god that
deer I would
probably already be dead that deer attacks me and
kills me I would have died I would have died
I would have died in the first hit eh
before reaching the ground eh with the
horn I would have already died eh
First time first time let's go first time he
kills me I mean let's go no I have no
doubt whatsoever that I would be
dead already a deer attacked me I assure you I'm
going permanently permanent but from seeing it
permanently banned totally I would have left
permanently go os loock let's see what the
[ __ ] os loock said what validation and he's in one piece it
seems crazy to me I mean logically
he'll have scratches And some cuts And such But it does
n't seem like he had to go to the emergency room at all
crazy I mean no
he didn't leave he had to leave anyway he has some broken ribs and all that Javi that's not for you Look for a Hotel I agree tesa I agree I see perfectly that I see perfectly eh viable for me to stay in a hotel with a
spa I also deserve a massage okay
from time to time and visit the sanctuary
okay without getting close to the deer without
getting close to the deer okay
eh visit the sanctuary in passing in
passing tough [ __ ] but not that bad you know
what I'm saying for what it could have been
but imagine if it hits you with its
horn like in soft tissue that
gives you a roll in the stomach or that or that it
sticks in your neck or some eye man I mean
really hard eh hard let's see is what
Mario Eugenia is saying true
I would have died alone from seeing it
coming from the fright I would have
peed my pants eh I would have
died there tough images and I don't wish it on
anyone not even Someone who has
demonstrated moral baseness like that of
this gentleman I mean this guy has
balls this guy has  balls to
still say that Fran has those low
morals for having exposed the photos that
he sent of his balls to the
girls, I mean, I don't understand what
these people are really living in a
different reality eh from
real life they have very little shame HM I don't know
the truth is that they are different man they are
special like this gentleman
for something like that but [ __ ] the title of the
Stream could be one of the biggest acts of
involuntary comedy Let's see
what the title is hate crime hate crime
involuntary comedy anyway very
well there my Agustn Hey Agustn had to have
come with me to the sanctuary
eh I see that Agustn He should have
been my partner in the sanctuary, I mean,
we should have smoothed out our laziness there
I think Frank should have
invited us
both the deer is totally fine
totally it is progressive humor it is a
special Mall special they call it progr
but for me progr is something else than
what Felipe and those people are Eh that
group of Felipe and that are something else they are something
else  The thing is that the deer is
totally fine, Fran can carry
a deer with his hands, eh
[Music]
and